because only Switzerland takes connoisseurs
luxury from around the world on display in
Basel recent developments show
largest watch brands
records of their customers they decorate not
just fashionable accessories and the whole
works of art do not regret when
this is not a rare gem
alloys
the main trend of the year is associated with
professions are at risk of against
speed ballet racers and
fighter pilots
Ivan Trushkin appreciated the news from the president
think about arcana y shui fillet
partial to motor racing himself was wanted
take part in the race but the wife convinced
too dangerous and their passion show them or
implemented in a new watch model
named after the monaco grand prix i'm up
Online Laida yellow red two colors
closest to car racing
and when i saw the design of this watch
for the first time I realized we just have to create
great attention to the shop are not paying
only the production of watches but also
the origin of the materials from which they are
are made
have gold for traditional popular
collections hatch dedicated to the founder
brand louis 0 and drying a couple absolutely
transparent story new model can
was seen on the hands of the Oscar-winner
colin ferta
product reliability bell and ross
confirm the military pilots of the French
air force fly in the watch of this brand
stylized under the elements of the instrument
aircraft panels this year inspire
not only air theme
with engineers harley davidson
created project be rocked two models of watches
in the steel case and motorcycle in style
sixties him again
these watches released quite a bit
500 copies of each model company
patek philippe one of the oldest movie
represented in the bases here are the 100 75th anniversary
stamps collection nautilus replenished
hours for those who have a lot of time
conducts on travel model
supports
an indication of a second time zone have
novelties in steel case and chronograph and
perpetual calendar
here you are the type of little gave whether you wear
watch with a suit or jeans no matter they
fit anyone
it's just a great watch in reliability
which you are absolutely sure mark 1
grisogono
a jeweler who is traditionally attentive to
details showed in basel rings from
collections of mascot of the central part
turned from a single stone master on
it takes about seven o'clock she's on you
evernote we wanted animals
looked funny to the first reaction
people who see such a ring
there was a smile creative director of the company
pasquale bruni
eugenio bruni jewels with joy
demonstrate on their own hands shine
cognac diamonds she tells
similar to moonlight and stones concerns
Iran you can wear jewelry from
different collections but they are always beautiful
combined emphasizes sensuality and
femininity and
one of the central events of the exhibition
it was the opening of this booth company
Count known for his love for rare
brilliant first time presented in
Basel company founder Lawrence Graff
I admit first of all a jeweler and then
already a watchmaker here is a watch represented by him
firm literally studded with precious
stoned butterfly on giant screens
entrance flits for a reason on products
new collection it is made of
emeralds and rubies
my fault you know i love every
presented here because I scoop
inspiration from every day work me
like the fact that I can create
Speaking hours the graph modestly adds they
decorated
the best diamonds that the world
ever seen Ivan Trushkin stanislav
ku ka re in mtv broadcaster